Kyma-integration k8s 1.14 image (#2170)
kyma-project/test-infra: prow/images/kyma-integration/README.md

> # Kyma-integration images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Kyma integration images
```

## Overview

> This folder contains the image with tools necessary for provisioning kyma-integrtion clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains the image with tools that are necessary to provision Kyma integration clusters.
```

The image consists of:
- Go
- Dep
- Helm
- Gcloud
- Az
- Docker

> # Maintaning the image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Maintaining the image
```

> Google Cloud SDK comes with one default `kubectl` version and couple additional ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Google Cloud SDK comes with one default `kubectl` version and a couple of additional ones.
```

> See details [here](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/release-notes#27600_2020-01-14).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the details [here](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/release-notes#27600_2020-01-14). To set the version of `kubectl` other than the default, run:
```

Reviewer: Please move this command here:
```
ENV CLUSTER_VERSION=1.14
RUN mv /google-cloud-sdk/bin/kubectl.${CLUSTER_VERSION} /google-cloud-sdk/bin/kubectl
```

> `CLUSTER_VERSION` variable is used to match `kubectl` version used in the image with the cluster version that is build by ProwJob pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CLUSTER_VERSION` variable matches the `kubectl` version used in the image with the cluster version that is built by the ProwJob pipeline.
```

```

> ENV CLUSTER_VERSION=1.14

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ENV CLUSTER_VERSION={VERSION}
```

RUN mv /google-cloud-sdk/bin/kubectl.${CLUSTER_VERSION} /google-cloud-sdk/bin/kubectl
```

> **CAUTION** Each image is tagged with corresponding `kubectl` version. While updating the image please do not forget to adjust the tag. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**CAUTION:** Each image is tagged with the corresponding `kubectl` version. When updating the image, do not forget to adjust the tag. 
```

> ```

Reviewer: Add such sentence before the command:
```To adjust the tag on the updated Docker image, run:```

Author: It is not a command that you run separately. This line comes from Makefile and the only thing you have to do is to update the `k8s-1.14` tag.

> docker tag $(IMG_NAME) $(IMG):k8s-1.14

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker tag ${IMG_NAME} ${IMG}:k8s-1.14
```

Author: This is "copy+paste" from Makefile so I think we should not change it in README.md.
